back sort of 50 years ago Western
governments had a lot of wealth we're
talking about governments owning things
like hospitals like schools but of
course in the case of the UK the UK
government did own also a significant
amount of housing back in in the in the'
70s and governments have lost this
wealth now not only do they not own
wealth they're actually in a significant
amount of debt what that means is if
they want to provide you with the same
level of service that they used to
provide you with 30 40 50 years ago they
simply need more tax money because they
no longer own the assets and they need
to pay rent or interest on those assets
the reason that governments are having
to charge much higher levels of tax to
provide much worse levels of service is
quite simply because governments are
much much poor now they need to rent
everything they use they need to pay
interest and that means they've taken
that money from you and despite taking
more money from you they they can't
provide services that is what happens
when you go from being rich to being
poor